README.md, before:

# Competitive Codes
This is the right place for some cool code dumps, which i have solved on various coding platforms.
<hr>

1. **Triple Sort - May20 Codechef<br/>**
Question - [Triple Sort](https://www.codechef.com/MAY20B/problems/TRPLSRT)<br/>
Most of you might have done the code for - _Minimum swaps to sort an array_. This question is bit different as if requires us to take 3 index at a time i,j and k(might not be ordered) and perform right shift on i, j, k. **Doing triple sort we need to tell if an given array can be sorted in m(input) times and also print your choice of triplets**. <br/>
This question did require me to think a lot and finally after doing some rough work i could think of a logic to do this and showed a pattern so finding the triplets also became easier.
<br/>[Solution](./trplsrt-codechef.py)<br/>

2. **Max Dot Product Of two Subsequence - Weekly Contest 190 Leetcode<br/>**
Question - [Max Dot Product Of two Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-dot-product-of-two-subsequences/)<br/>
This problem looks complex on first view, but with a Dynamic Programming approach this problem becomes easy. This requires us to maximize the dot product and so DP seemed a suitable option for this problem.

<br/>[Solution](./dpMaxSum-Leetcode.py)<br/>

> I have the Question link inside each code file also.

Commit message:

Added Roads in Chefland-codechef

README.md, after:

# Competitive Codes
This is the right place for some cool code dumps, which i have solved on various coding platforms.
<hr>

1. **Triple Sort - May Long Chellenge 2020 Codechef | MAY20 <br/>**
Question - [Triple Sort](https://www.codechef.com/MAY20B/problems/TRPLSRT)<br/>
Most of you might have done the code for - _Minimum swaps to sort an array_. This question is bit different as if requires us to take 3 index at a time i,j and k(might not be ordered) and perform right shift on i, j, k. **Doing triple sort we need to tell if an given array can be sorted in m(input) times and also print your choice of triplets**. <br/>
This question did require me to think a lot and finally after doing some rough work i could think of a logic to do this and showed a pattern so finding the triplets also became easier.
<br/>[Solution](./trplsrt-codechef.py)<br/>

2. **Max Dot Product Of two Subsequence - Weekly Contest 190 Leetcode<br/>**
Question - [Max Dot Product Of two Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-dot-product-of-two-subsequences/)<br/>
This problem looks complex on first view, but with a Dynamic Programming approach this problem becomes easy. This requires us to maximize the dot product and so DP seemed a suitable option for this problem.

<br/>[Solution](./dpMaxSum-Leetcode.py)<br/>

3. **Roads in Chefland - May Cook-Off 2020 CodeChef | COOK118B<br/>**
Question - [Roads in Chefland](https://www.codechef.com/COOK118B/problems/CROADS)<br/>
This problem is more of mathematics and pattern analysis. After which the time complexity of code reduces to O(log(n)).

<br/>[Solution](./croads-codechef.py)<br/>

> I have the Question link inside each code file also.
